(opening theme music)
(singing in Japanese)
(waves crashing)
(ship groaning)
(mysterious music)
(footsteps softly shuffling)
Attention! Fire Style:
Celestial Prison!
(prisoners groaning)
(Jailer roaring)
(prisoner groaning)
(electricity zapping)
All right, unchain them.
(mysterious music)
You've committed serious crimes
that disgrace the
name of Shinobi,
so you've been sent
here to Hozuki Castle.
The Celestial Prison's
been placed on you all.
It binds your chakra,
so while it's on you,
you cannot use ninjutsu.
Try to escape the castle grounds
and it'll start a
chain reaction of fire,
and it will burn you
from the inside out.
Any criminal, no matter how
evil, can be rehabilitated,
so I look forward to the day
when you've been
completely reformed
and can be released
from this prison.
And now, Chief Officer Benga
will explain the rest to you.
Thank you very much, Lord Mujo.
Whatever worked for
you on the outside
doesn't mean crap in here.
Pound two things
into your heads.
One, I make the
rules around here.
Even idiots like you ought to
be able to remember that much.
What's the other thing?
Don't interrupt me while I'm
speaking, you understand?
The second rule is
don't forget the first
even if it kills you.
Now, keep your
arrogant mouth shut!
Just because you're kids,
don't think that we're
gonna go easy on you!
Ow, ow, ow!
Don't move!
(punch thumping)
-(prisoner panting)
-Hey! You!
Fool! You can't
escape this place!
[Prisoner] I'm not
falling for your bluff!
Ha ha, you see? (grunts)
(Benga chuckles)
(prisoner screaming)
We warned you that
you wouldn't be able
to leave the castle, didn't we?
Horrible. Hey, do something!
-(punch thumping)
-(Boruto groaning)
[Benga] Keep your mouth shut.
You, call the doctor.
[Jailer] Yes sir!
[Naruto] Have you ever
heard of the Mujina Gang?
[Boruto] Mujina?
[Sarada] You don't know them?
They've been creating chaos
all over the Land of Fire!
[Mitsuki] Do you know what
their boss looks like?
[Kotaro] No, we don't.
We don't know his face,
name, age, background,
or the jutsu he uses.
It's all shrouded in mystery.
[Sai] The members of the
gang all take an oath,
and if they ever get captured,
none of them ever talk.
Also, if any of
them try to desert,
then they're killed
without hesitation.
No wonder there's no information
out there about the boss.
Although we did
find one exception.
A man named Kokuri sent this.
A year ago, he secretly stole
some money from the gang,
and then he snuck off and hid,
but he pulled another
robbery and got caught,
so he was thrown
into Hozuki Castle.
[Sai] Hozuki Castle's a prison
that's only for shinobi,
run by the Village
Hidden in the Grass.
(camera clicking)
[Kotaro] Based on his letter,
Kokuri's managed
to conceal the fact
that he's a former member
of the Mujina Gang,
but a prisoner who
arrived after him
just happens to be the gang's
second highest ranking member.
He's in a situation
where he could be killed
at any moment.
So he wrote to say if
we can protect him,
he'll tell us everything
that he knows about the gang.
If that's true, he could
provide crucial intel.
If what he knows is that vital,
I think the prison would
want to protect Kokuri too.
It's really only larger
nations such as ours
that have suffered because of
the Mujina Gang's misdeeds.
For a small nation
like the Hidden Grass,
this kind of stuff
isn't worth their time.
We sent a request
to the Hidden Grass
for a temporary protective
order for Kokuri,
but they hemmed and hawed,
saying it's an internal affair.
They told us it'll take a
month to make arrangements.
If we just wait and do nothing,
he could be killed at any time,
and so Boruto, Mitsuki,
we've decided that
what we're going to do
is to send you in
undercover as prisoners,
so that you can keep Kokuri safe
until all of the
arrangements are finalized.
[Sai] Luckily, the
Lord of Hozuki Castle
is an old acquaintance,
and we've already taken steps
to have you sent
there as prisoners.
Ordinarily, this is a
chunin-class mission,
but the team who was
chosen first can't go.
[Mitsuki] So we're stand-ins.
Luckily, the warden's
jutsu prevents inmates
from using chakra,
and since that's the
case, we've decided
that this is something you
genin will be able to handle.
[Mitsuki] So we can't
use jutsu either?
Don't be too worried about that.
We asked Mujo to
only pretend to use
his Celestial Prison on you.
(prisoners chuckling)
(door clanking)
I thought there was
supposed to be three.
[Haie] The other one was
sent to the hospital.
Now be nice to each other.
Am I the only one being
left out of this mission?
You have a very important
job to do as well, you know?
[Sarada] I'm Sarada.
I asked to do some
research for my article?
[Benga] So you're a student,
aspiring to become
a journalist, hm?
Yes.
(scoffs) Academics don't
mean anything in here.
That's just the kind
of world we live in.
Hey, newbies always start off
sleeping in the bottom bunk.
Huh?
Just deal with it.
Hello.
Don't bother, Kedama here
doesn't ever talk to
anybody. (chuckles)
So the both of you guys are
from the Land of Water, huh?
That's right. I'm Boruto.
I'm Mitsuki.
[Arai] Name's Arai. He's Kamada.
So give us the rundown.
What are you in for?
Eight years for robbery.
That's pretty bold for your age.
What the? The toothbrush
I left there is gone!
(ominous music)
Hey, you stole it! Give it back!
Leave somethin' lying around,
and it's not yours anymore.
That's the rule in here.
I'll sell it back
to you, though.
Come on. Who made up that rule?
Better be more
careful next time.
Hey, where'd my
magazine go? Hey, you!
That's the rule, right?
I would be willing to trade
it for the toothbrush, though.
(Kamata growls)
(laughs) He got you
there, Kamada! (chuckles)
Okay, newbies. Let's
go, time to eat.
[Benga] That's the castle keep
where Lord Mujo and I stay,
and there's the watchtower
and the inner garden.
As you'll notice, we're
surrounded by the sea.
So escape's impossible.
Does a splash of fresh
water really undo
the Celestial Prison jutsu?
It's a fire style, so somewhat,
but it takes more than a splash,
and it's pointless to
search this facility
to find large amounts
of fresh water.
We don't even have any
baths or flush toilets.
What's that?
[Benga] The medical ward.
Guys faking sickness
take refuge there.
(ominous music)
(men softly grumbling)
[Prisoner] Come on, you
gotta be kidding me!
[Prisoner] The worst.
(electronics beeping)
Pay attention or
get left behind.
Without this wooden tag,
you can't go anywhere.
You're very lucky that you
didn't get lost, young lady.
[Sarada] The lord of the
castle traditionally comes
from the same family, right?
Yeah, the Celestial
Prison users.
It's all very old-fashioned.
And you don't like that system?
It's not that.
It's just that Lord Mujo
tends to be too soft
on the prisoners.
It's futile to hope they'll
actually be reformed.
Be strict and
teach 'em a lesson,
that's the tried and true
method to handle them.
Oh, Miss Sarada. How's
your research coming along?
[Sarada] Great,
thanks to you all.
[Prisoner] What's the big idea?
-Dammit! Wanna fight?
-You bet!
You two! Get away from
each other! (growling)
Tell me, how are Boruto and
Mitsuki managing in here?
[Sarada] They seem
to be okay, for now.
Honestly, I wish I
could help you more,
but I have my position
as the lord of the castle
to think of, sorry.
That guy's a supplier.
As long as you pay, he can get
you almost anything you want.
Even though this is a jail?
Yeah, in here, money's the
only thing that really matters.
Now let's go.
By the way, I heard that
the second in command
of the Mujina Gang
has been captured.
[Arai] Yeah. I heard
that too. (munches)
We're thieves just like he is.
I would really like to
meet him, if you know him.
I guess he caused some trouble,
so he's in solitary now.
Solitary?
All right, look.
The guy that you're talking
about is named Tsukiyo.
As soon as he came here,
he got into a fight
with some guy named Kokuri.
(ominous music)
He beat him up pretty bad,
so that's why he got sent
to solitary confinement
as punishment.
[Boruto] What
happened to Kokuri?
Oh, he's totally fine.
He's over in the
medical ward right now,
taking it nice and easy.
Good move gettin' sent there.
Is the medical ward really
that nice of a place?
[Arai] Well, they've got
air conditioning, at least.
Oh man, then I want to go there.
Forget it. It's impossible.
The doctor there is sharp.
You can't fool him just
by faking an illness.
The medical ward is also
in a different building,
and the doctor and Benga
hate each other so much
that even the guards
aren't welcome over there.
It's kinda like the only
oasis in this entire prison.
Awesome, after hearing that,
I want to go there even more!
[Arai] Well, actually,
there might be a way,
but I wouldn't recommend it.
Hm?
[Arai] They told you when
you came here, right?
Why they call this
place Hozuki Castle?
[Mitsuki] Yes, there are hozuki,
lantern plants, everywhere.
[Boruto] Oh, that's
what those plants are!
Lantern and fruit are poisonous.
Red ones aren't that dangerous,
but you have to watch out for
the white fruits that grow
every once in a while.
One time, a prisoner got curious
and ate one of them
when it blew in here.
Luckily for him, he didn't die,
but his whole body was
paralyzed and went numb.
I get it, so if
I eat one of them
then I could fool
that clever doctor.
[Arai] But for us, that
patch of lantern plants
is nearly impossible to reach.
Well, guess we'll
just have to wait
till the wind blows one over.
Shall we?
I don't really like it,
but it's for the mission.
What choice do we have?
(intense music)
How do we get there without
touching the ground, though?
Boruto.
[Boruto] I guess we have no
choice but to use that wire,
but can something that thin
actually support my weight?
I'm on it.
(snake slithering)
Woah.
(dramatic music)
[Jailer] All right,
rec time's over now!
Time for you to
return to your cells!
(prisoners grumbling)
You get it?
-(snake slithering)
-(intense music)
(Boruto gasps)
It has it.
[Jailer] Hey, you
two over there!
Didn't you hear me say
that rec time's over?
I'll be there in a second.
My clothes just got
snagged on the fence!
Is it back yet?
All right, you two!
(snake slithering)
Yeah, I got loose!
That was a close one.
Whoa, awesome, Boruto.
How did you get
your hands on that?
I was just lucky. All right.
Hold on. You're not really
gonna eat it, are you?
I'm not gonna pass up
some of that easy air
conditioned living. (munches)
(gasps) Idiot! Don't
blame me for this one!
-(mysterious music)
-(Boruto groaning)
(Boruto collapsing)
(intense music)
Guard, come quick! Hey, guard!
(Boruto groaning)
Hey, hold tight.
(footsteps running)
Seriously? I was on
my break, you know.
(door clanking)
I was talking to him
and he just keeled over!
(intense music)
(door clanking)
(Boruto groaning)
So about this Kokuri,
he hung out with
bad guys, right?
Can we trust him, then?
Often, prisoners have
been known to lie
out of sheer desperation.
[Naruto] Part of the mission
will also be to verify
whether or not Kokuri's
actually trustworthy.
(Boruto groaning)
(electronics beeping)
So what's your name?
Do you know where you are now?
(gentle music)
Where am I?
[Kokuri] Would you
like some water?
(gulping)
Oh man, my mouth feels
all prickly now!
[Kokuri] You were out for a
whole day, but don't worry,
you're safe here.
This is the only oasis
in this entire prison.
It's the, oh, right.
To get to the medical ward, I...
Hey, I'm here
looking for someone.
His name's Kokuri.
-(dramatic music)
-(tray clanking)
(groans) Oh man,
that hurts. Huh?
(straps stretching)
(Boruto groaning)
Hey, don't do that! Please stop!
Did you come here to kill me?
-Huh?
-Did you?!
No, you're wrong!
We got your letter.
I've come here from the Hidden
Leaf Village to protect you!
Are you serious?
You're Kokuri, right?
You're from the Mujina Gang.
[Kokuri] The envelope color?
Like I'd remember
something like that!
Blue! The envelope was blue!
(tray clanking)
I thought you were
here to kill me.
As soon as I first
set eyes on Tsukiyo,
I really thought
that I was gonna die.
That's why I pretended to be
fighting in front of the guard,
and then I hit my head.
I gotta say, you don't really
seem like the bad guy type.
Yeah, I get that a lot.
You don't seem like the
kind of guy with the guts
to steal and run off with
all the Mujina Gang's money.
(Kokuri chuckling softly)
So you managed to
desert the gang,
but then why'd you do
something to get arrested?
[Kokuri] I'll explain
it all when you take me
to the Hidden Leaf Village.
How much time do you still
have left on your sentence?
Let's see, about
10 years, I think.
[Boruto] I think? Not
very detail oriented.
Well, technically I should
already be out of here,
but Benga was
mistreating a prisoner,
so I punched him and got
a ridiculous amount
of time added on.
Oh, is that why you ended
up running into Tsukiyo?
That's unlucky.
[Kokuri] Right.
Well, we're here now,
so we'll at least be
able to guarantee you
that you stay safe.
That would be great, but
still, don't take any chances.
You understand me?
Tsukiyo is scary.
(intense music)
A quarter moon tonight,
half dark and half light.
(chuckles) That's proof
luck is on my side.
(paper rustling)
Did it go well?
(chuckles) Gonna
use a knife, huh?
Make sure it goes
deep, without fail.
You're gonna leave?
My fever's gone already,
and if I stay here too long,
they'll get suspicious.
[Kokuri] Want me to hit
you a couple of times?
No! Are you kidding me?
Listen, everything's
gonna be just fine
as long as the doctor's around.
You just wait out
here in the hallway.
Don't eat things you
find on the ground, okay?
[Boruto] Got it.
Get moving!
Hey, treat the
prisoners with respect,
like I told you before!
(electronics beeping)
(door creaking)
(blade snicking)
(footsteps clicking)
All right, you can
leave now, Doctor.
I think I'll stay.
-(Kokuri yelling)
-(Kokuri stumbling)
-(intense music)
-Hey, stop!
-Kokuri!
-(dramatic music)
A man, he just suddenly...
(dramatic music)
(Kokuri gasps)
What happened?
Somebody just attacked him.
Go, find them.
Right!
[Doctor] Did someone
really attack you?
Yeah, it's true, I swear!
The security here in the
medical ward is very tight.
I didn't think that anyone
could even get in here
without using a wooden tag!
But then, how did the
attacker get in here?
(dramatic music)
(closing theme music)
(frenetic music)
[Boruto] Kokuri was attacked.
I can't believe the
medical ward's unsafe too.
[Mitsuki] What's
the situation now?
[Boruto] There's someone
watching over him.
[Mitsuki] We have to
make our move soon.
[Boruto] We've gotta do
something to get Kokuri
in here with us.
Then we can protect
him all the time.
Next time on "Boruto
Naruto Next Generations,"
"A Test of Willpower."
There's no other way.
Guess I gotta put
my life on the line!
(dramatic music)
(closing theme music)